DOC: Update documentation folder (#77)
pyansys/pytwin: doc/source/api/index.rst

API reference
=============

This section describes the core Pythonic interfaces for twin runtimes.
Here, you can find the APIs for using twin runtime functionalities and

> the higher-level abstraction class for evaluating twin runtimes.

Reviewer: @lboucin I am not sure I understand the distinction made in lines 8 and 9 between using twin runtime functionalities and evaluating twin runtimes. Is there a better way to explain what is intended here?

Author: @PipKat We want to emphasize the distinction between the TwinRuntime and TwinModel APIs. Would following variation make more sense? "Here, you can find all APIs for consumming twin runtimes, from the lowest-level APIs with the :class:`TwinRuntime <ansys.pytwin.TwinRuntime` class to the higher-level with the :class:`TwinModel <ansys.pytwin.TwinModel` class."

Reviewer: @lboucin I like this much better and changed the file! Thanks!

> Here, you can find the APIs for using twin runtime functionalities and
> the higher-level abstraction class for evaluating twin runtimes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here, you can find all APIs for consuming twin runtimes, from the lowest-level APIs
with the :class:TwinRuntime <ansys.pytwin.TwinRuntime class to the higher-level
APIs with the :class:TwinModel <ansys.pytwin.TwinModel class.
```

Twin runtimes
-------------

The :class:`TwinRuntime <ansys.pytwin.TwinRuntime` class provides access to

> twin runtime functionalities. For a workflow example, see :ref:`ref_index_api_sdk`.

Author: @PipKat. Following your comment, I think we can better emphasize here the distinction. I suggest:
"The :class:`TwinRuntime <ansys.pytwin.TwinRuntime` class provides access to all the twin runtime functionalities. It is the lowest level API of the twin runtime SDK. For a workflow example, see ..."
What do you think? Thanks

Reviewer: @lboucin Perfect! Change made and incorporated.

> The :class:`TwinRuntime <ansys.pytwin.TwinRuntime` class provides access to
> twin runtime functionalities. For a workflow example, see :ref:`ref_index_api_sdk`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :class:`TwinRuntime <ansys.pytwin.TwinRuntime` class provides access to all
the twin runtime functionalities. It is the lowest-level API of the twin runtime SDK.
For a workflow example, see :ref:`ref_index_api_sdk`.
```
